---
title: "2022-11-24"
description: Linkblog post of interesting clippings.
aside: false
date: 2022-11-24
tags:
  - Linkblog
  - Writing
  - UX
  - Design
  - Mastodon
---

OK, here we go again. There have been some interesting bits on writing again today, this blog on the [benefit of handwriting for taking notes](https://stackoverflow.blog/2022/11/23/why-writing-by-hand-is-still-the-best-way-to-retain-information/) over and above typing was great. I float between the two and can't seem to settle. 

I had this post linked to me on [implementing buttons](https://uxplanet.org/ive-been-doing-buttons-wrong-have-you-2117c0066613) which reminded me how much I enjoy design/UX. I had begun the Google UX course which I should pick back up and finish someday...

I've been working on some presentation materials and I needed to whiteboard something out and it reminded me how good a tool [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com) is. If you like the style it seems super quick to throw something simple together to illustrate a point well.

Side thoughts today are that while I've been making an effort to migrate to the federated web, largely [Mastodon](https://mastodon.social/@darbs), I should remember to post images. I did like the format of taking a couple of shots per day on Instagram to share and it was a means for me as a latent photographer to keep sharp, keep my eyes open and take in the world around me. There are federated Instagram equivalents, however, I keep remembering the Scott Hanselman axiom "Own your words". This also applies to images. I'll think of a nice way of implementing an image gallery component to this site. There may not be such a thing in Vitepress as yet, but I can easily do something on a subdomain.

