---
title: "2023-03-12"
description: Linkblog post of interesting clippings.
aside: false
date: 2023-03-12
tags:
  - Linkblog
  - Elixir
  - Phoenix
  - CSS
---

I've been doing an Elixir/Phoenix bootcamp over the past couple of days and I must say I've been enjoying it. Its my first exposure to functional programming and I think I'm picking up the concepts more quickly than with any OO languages. [This course](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-elixir-and-phoenix-bootcamp-and-tutorial/) has been good thus far, there are a few minor differences between Elixir versions, but nothing distracting. 

I think one of my favorite elements of the Elixir/Phoenix stack is that it feels very fast to scaffold a project. Having worked on Django and done a little bit of Rails in the past, it certainly has that 'full-featured' feel. I'm aware of the power of Phoenix Live Vies and I'm excited to get into them. I've enjoyed the templating/server-side approach of those other frameworks, and using Phoenix with Tailwind and some Live View components feels like it might be a winner.

I was intending to move something over to Phoenix that I had started working on as a Rails project, but I'm feeling like finishing something small. There is also a little bit of me that wants to recreate this site as a Phoenix blog, but even that might be too big.

I am tempted by the idea of an incredibly minimal CSS configuration, using system default fonts, no imports etc.

I've used [MVP.css](https://andybrewer.github.io/mvp/) in the past, but I like the look of [awsm.css](https://github.com/igoradamenko/awsm.css) as well.